The Joe Rogan.
Experience. I want an eye.
I want to know how the divorce laws came to be.
I do. I want to know, I, somebody must have written a book on it.
I just want to know how we got to this place where, um,
you know, first of all,
this idea that you have to live in the style of what you become accustomed.
I help you here. I can help you in a couple, couple ways. Here's the big one.
Lawyers make a lot of money. If there's a large settlement.
So.
It's lawyers. Yes.
Lawyers don't make a lot of money. If there's no settlement, you know,
Phil Hartman, when he was getting divorced,
one of the things that he said to me, I go, dude, just give her half, come on,
man. You make a lot of money. He goes, it's not half. It was crazy. He's like,
it's two thirds. He goes, I'll lawyers get a third. It's got dams gambling.
And I've had friends that have gotten divorced. And even though they were,
they had come to an agreement with the acts like, let's listen, will this, this,
and you'll get this and I'll get this fine. Then the lawyers jump in.
He's trying to you. And this no, they're trying to you over. You got to.
It's exactly the plot of the movie, marriage, WC and marriage story. Oh,
it's terrific. I was, again,
it at the beginning because it was about an actress
and a theater director and I was like, Jesus Christ.
Can't you at least pretend that there are people in America,
not outside of your exact circle. There've been so many big movies, you know,
that are just about your world of show business, have a little creativity,
make them something else, but okay. I got over that.
And then it's just a terrific movie about it. There's no bells and whistles.
It's just, we're married. We seem very happy. And then, well,
we're not happy and we're going to get divorced. And then, um,
we're going to just, just do it amicably and not getting lawyers involved.
And then it all falls apart. And once it goes down,
that path that you're talking about,
it just becomes as vicious as anything without guns.
I had a friend who got divorced and no, no family. Okay.
No children didn't have children. And, uh,
it dragged on for more than I think almost three years.
And even though they had come to some sort of conclusion,
he was paying for his wife's lawyer. I go, it's like,
you're paying for the general of the army. That's trying to kill you.
You're paying.
For someone to you in the. Yeah. You're getting in the, bro.
I have seen so many men broken bias stated every time somebody
says, uh, you know, they,
people unfortunately get a horrible disease like cancer. And they say,
I couldn't have gotten through it without my wife. I always think. Yeah.
And maybe she gave it to you. I don't mean of course, literally,
but I just mean that when you're in a bad relationship, the stress,
we don't know what contributes all the things to cancer,
but that certainly is I'm sure one of them and then going through a
divorce like that, I've seen people, like you say, just broken.
They get wrecked. And it's a system.
The reason why the divorce laws are set up the way they're set up, people think,
oh, we're protecting women horseshit.
They're doing it so that they can extract the maximum amount of money out of the
mail. That way the lawyer gets the biggest chunk that they could possibly get.
Most lawyers have a working on a percentage basis, right?
Especially if a woman doesn't have as much money or if she's, you know, the,
the lawyer will come to our look, we've got a deal here. We'll,
we'll figure this out. Don't pay me now.
We're going to make sure we get you the most.
We'll we'll take care of it all in the end.
And this is what has happened to several of my friends that have been divorced.
And you know what it is once you see it, what I get and I understand,
and I accept and I, uh, I support is child support. I mean,
I've, I grew up with a deadbeat dad. My dad never paid for.
And I have many friends that have also experienced a lot of financial hardship
growing up because their dad was a piece of and didn't want to pay for their
children. But people very close to me, including my wife.
But when there's a big difference between that,
a man taking responsibility for his children is a big difference between that.
And alimony, alimony is creepy.
There's something creepy about like my friend, like I said,
didn't even have a child with this woman. He is still paying her by the way,
this the same guy,
very good friend of mine has been divorced for 14 years has been
married for 12 to a new woman,
still paying the old woman. And my joke was like, you her so hard.
She can't work. Like she literally can't work. Cause he he's a wealthy man.
He made good money and he works really hard. He's uh, he's,
he's not in the business. He's a, he, you know, he has a real job and he works,
you know, long hours every day.
And he has his own business and he has to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars
to someone he doesn't even talk to anymore because he used to fight.
Guys. Couldn't ya? I knew of a guy who was a doctor who
went to jail every night because he couldn't make the payments. Oh God.
And they would like let him out on weekends to do rounds and stuff.
But he was it's.
I got a better one for you. I want to get in. Great. Yeah.
Dave Foley who's on news radio. Sure.
When he was getting divorced was when he was on news radio.
So it was a financial peak, you know, he was a star of the show.
He's making a lot of money.
And so his payments to that were set up for that. Sure.
So this is in Canada, right? And he,
the judge tells him why he's he tells the judge,
I don't make that kind of money anymore.
That was an extraordinary time in my life.
It's very hard to make that kind of money. You know, I'm an actor. I just,
the doctors,
the judge rather says your ability to pay has no relation
to your obligation to pay.
Now think of that. Just pause here for a moment.
What a statement and where else would we say?
It's insane.
And we're talking about hundreds of thousands of dollars,
hundreds of thousands. Like as if he supposed to conjure this up,
like his career is about, was supposed to magically resurrected,
wrecked itself in some reading and financial.
It's usually the man still who probably has the more money and is paying the
woman. Yes.
It's very inaccurate to stick to how we have come to think about women as equal
and strong and able to do everything we can do. But when it comes to this,
it's like, ah, we got to take care of them, but they're suddenly there.
It's like a very dependent.
I think it's a scam that's set up because the men in general are in control of
the finances or make more money and they can extract more money from.
Them. Turning it down. Yeah.
I mean, that's, that's why the system, I think is set up the way it's set up.
It's it's dark, man. I mean the only time it's happened,
the other way that I know of is Tom Arnold, Tom. Oh.
Yes, it does. It does.
Even the other one. He's one for the males. Right? We got one on the board.
There's like, if the board was like, here, it was,
it would be a billion scratches on one side and four lines
of the one through it. And then next to it, there's like Tom Arnold.
I never uncouple of the dudes never understood the concept of marriage
because when people would say, why don't you want to get married? I'd say,
why would I invite the federal and state government into my
love life. Very important.
Well, you have to have it. Otherwise. It's not real.
If you don't get it signed piece of paper, what the do you have?
Just your feelings for that other part.
Good enough. How should I tell her friends?
She's got to tell her friends that he really cares brainwashed.
But he really.
Cares.
I think you can see she's trained you to say the right answer. Well,
I think that's how crazy. I think that's a crazy backward way to look at it.
That without the piece of paper, it's not real. It's not real.
Whatever you have with someone emotionally, uh, that's rich, real.
The paper is what's fake the paper.
I'd be worried about divorce. Cause we're never getting divorced.
I'm not worried about you. You're doing like, why,
why you're getting so upset about this bill? Just sign the paper. Okay.
Get married. We're going to be together forever.
I don't know what you are worried about.
Jesus Christ and freaking out about don't. You love me.
You're freaking out about a divorce. We're not getting divorced.
We love each other. God sign it. And then when you sign it,
the darkness clouds roll over. Ha.
But also like humans change. It's like we,
so it's so funny when you're you can say about anything else. Well,
I'm not married to it. You know? Do you want that thing there?
I'm not married to it, but with a human, the thing that's most malleable,
we're like, yep. I'm going to marry you. Well, but you know what?
For some people that works fantastically.
Term limits, they have a marriage terms. I don't think.
That's a real thing. I think it is.
Good. Yeah. Google it. Some countries have like a tr we did this before, right?
Yeah. It's real. Some countries have like, you could get married for like seven,
seven years. Yeah. And you can decide at the end of it, you're like, look,
I think we're good. Let's get out of here.
Yeah. Well, but that's putting a level of logic into it.
That's probably not going to really obtain when the moment comes.
Because by that time you're so codependent.
Those are not going to tolerate that. They're gonna, let me ask you this.
How long have you been with bill? And he wants a term limit, right? Like God,
you guys are gonna be together for forever. What are you doing?
Get the term on it. Because if you stuck with Dave, I bet Dave, what? Nasser?
He's not like that. Dave might be a little boring. Maybe it's not as funny,
but he's a solid guy. And you would assign the contract. You'd be fine, girl.
It's really fine.
It's like when agents are competing to sign you and they're like,
you didn't read for that. Oh, I could have gotten it yet.
Yes. There's a financial incentive with anything things,
get squirrely what I'm saying.
Yeah. But it also, you know, I remember you, it's funny.
You mentioned Tom Arnold.
I had him on the very first episode of politically incorrect,
I think with Roseanne and they were talking about marriage and he said,
the great thing about marriage is, uh,
when you have a big fight and somebody says, I'm leaving, you can go. You can't,
we're married. And I got what he was saying. Some people like that,
that you have this,
this self-imposed barrier that makes it more difficult.
It's like a waiting period with guns, you know?
Or when they make you look at the sonogram,
when you want an abortion in some states,
look at your baby on the computer screen there and tell them,
come back tomorrow and tell me, you want to kill that kid. You know,
you have a waiting period. You have to cool off. You can't just leave.
Whereas if you're not married, you can write unless you live together,
that's more complicated or kids and more complicated. But yeah.